This respository is a forked version of the crux-toolkit (http://crux.ms/).
This crux-toolkit version contains the High-Resolution Exact P-Value method (HR-XPV) 
in Tide-Search. HR-XPV method is describe in the paper: doi:XXX.
Two binary files are provided, a compiled version of the crux with HR-XPV, 
one for windows 10 (crux.exe) and another one compiled in Linux Ubuntu 
v. 22.04.2 (crux). The binary files can be found in the root folder. 

To activate the HR-XPV calculation in the Tide program, the user needs to 
specify the parameters --exact-p-value T and --mz-bin-width 
to be smaller than 1.0. When the parameter --mz-bin-width is greater 
than 1.0, then Tide executes the original, standard XPV algorithm 
(doi: https://doi.org/10.1074/mcp.o113.036327) developed for low-resolution 
MS/MS data. We also note that Tide supports multi threading, so 
HR-XPV can also be run with multi threads by specifying the --num-threads
parameter bigger than 1. We also note that the HR-XPV is not 
supported in combination with the Res-EV scoring method 
(doi: https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00206) now. 
The precision of the HR-XPV method can be specified with the 
tide-search parameter called --xpv-precision. By default, this 
value is set to 20.

Basically you can activate the HR-XPV by adding the following parameters 
to the command: 

--exact-p-value T --mz-bin-width 0.05 --mz-bin-offset 0.0 --xpv-precision 50


For a gentle introduction to Crux, please see the Crux home page at
doc/user/crux.html or at http://crux.ms/.  Note that the HTML pages
for individual Crux commands are generated automatically, so these
will not exist in your local directory until after building the
software.

For installation instructions, see the installation tutorial linked
from the Crux home page listed above.

Source code can be found in the src subdirectory.

Documentation for Crux developers is at doc/developer/crux-developer.html.

Various smoke and regression tests are under the test directory.  The
primary set of tests use Cucumber, and are under test/smoke-test.  To
run them, install cucumber and then do "cd test/smoke-test; cucumber".

